STLC : Software Testing Life Cycle
-----------------------------------
Requirement Analysis -> Test Planning -> Test case Development -> Environmental Setup -> Test Execution -> Test Cycle Closure.

Traceability Matrix : 
  excel documents which contails both required and test cases, mapping of requirement and testcases.
  

Test Plan :-> scope,quality objective, Roles and resposibility, Test levels, Bug triage, suspension criteria etc
Test Case -> Use case -> describes requirement, prepared by Business analyst
             Actor, Action/Flow, Outcome.
		  -> Test Scenario:(what to test)
		    Possible area to be tested
		  -> Test Case: Describe test steps, Prepared by Test Engineer.
		    How to test, Describe test steps,expected results and actual results.


Test Case vs Test Scenario:
--------------------------
-> Test case consist of set of input values, execution precondition, expected result and execution post condition, developed to cover certain test condition.
-> Test scenarios is nothing but test procedure.

-> Test Case are derived from test scenarios(what to be tested),The Scenario are derived from use cases.TEST CASE(how to be tested).

eg: Login button
S1: Click the button without entering UN and PW
S2: CLick the button by only entering UN
S3: CLick the button while entering wrong UN and wrong PW.

Test Suites: its a group of test cases which belong to same category.

Test plan -> Test Suite 1 -> TC1,TC2,TC3 etc
          -> Test Suite 2 -> TC1,TC2,TC3 etc.
		  
Test case: is a set of action executed to verify a particular feature or functionality of software application.
Contents of Test case:(excel sheet)
1.Test Case ID, Test Case Title, Description, Precondition, Priority(p0,p1,p2,p3), Requirement ID, Steps/Actions, Expected Results, Test Data.


Requirement Traceability Matrix(RTM)
-----------------------------------
RTM captures all requirements proposed by the client.
In other words, it is documents that maps and traces user requirement with test cases.
Main purpose of RTM is to see that all test cases are covered so that no functionality should miss while doing software testing.
-> RTM - Parameters includes---> Requirement ID(Business/Technical), Test case ID.

Advantage of Requirement Traceability Matrix:
-> It confirms 100 test coverage.
-> It highlights any requirements missing or documents inconsistencies.

Test Environment: is a set up of software and hardware for testing teams to execute test cases. In other words, it supports test execution with hardware, software
                  network configured.
				  Test Bed or Test environment is configured as per the need to Application Under Test(AUT).
				  
Test bed : is a software development environment, it allows the developers to test their modules without affecting the live production servers.
The test bed is not confined to developers only but also used by testers. It is referred as test environment as well.



Test Execution : 
During this phase test team will carry out the testing based on test plans and test cases prepared.
Entry Criteria: Test cases, Test Data, Test Plan, Test Strategy
Acivities : Status of test case are marked Passed,Failed, Blocked,Run etc
            Docmentation of failed, make bug ids in jira, Restest, Defeats are tracked till closure.
Deliverable : provide defect and test case execution report with completed result.


Guidelines for Test Execution:
--------------------------------
Build being deployed to the qualiy assurance environment is the most important part of the test execution cycle.
Test execution is done in QA environment
Test execution happens in at least 2 cycles.
Test execution phase consists executing the test cases + Test scripts(if automation)
Exploratory tests are carried out once the build is ready to testing.

Defects/Bugs:
-------------
Any mismatched functionality found in application is called Defects/Bugs/issue.
During test, reporting mismatchs as defects to developers through templates or using tools
Defeat reporting tools are Clear Quest, DevTrack, Jira, QualityCenter,Bug Jilla etc.

Defect report contents:
Defect_id, Defect description,Version,Step,Date raised, Detected by, status, Fixed by, Date Closed.Severity. Priority.

Defect classification : Severity,Critical,Blocker ,major,Minor, High,Medium,Low etc
						Priority: P1,P2.P3(high, Medium.Low)


A very low severity with high priority:
A very high severity with low priority:

Defect Resolution : after recieveing the defect report from testing team, development team conducts a review meeting to fix defects.
They send a resolution type to the testing team for further communication.

Resolution types are : Accept, Reject, Duplicate, Enhancement, Need more infomation, Not reproducible, fixed, As Designed.


Defect Metrics: Defect rejection ratio, Defeat Leakage ratio.

Test Cycle closure report at the end.

QA/ Testing Activities:
----------------------
1.Understanding the requirements and functional specifications of the application
2.Identifying required test scenarios
3.Designing testcases to validate application
4.Execute test cases to valid application
5.Log test results
6.Defect reporting and tracking
7.Retest fixed defects of previous build
8.Perform various type of testing assigned by Test Lead(functionality, Usablility,user interface and compatibility etc)
9.Report to test lead about the status of assigned tasks
10. Partcipated in regular team meeting
11.Creating automation scripts for regression testing
12.Provides recommundation on wheather or not the application is ready for production.

Test metrics : Covers number of passed, failed.critial, higher, lower defects etc

Test efficiency: the resources consumed in order to achieve their goal.
Test Effectiveness: How well the user achieves the goal they set out to achieve using the system(Process)
