Project:
--------
Human Resource Management(HRM) application
Developed on : PHP, MySql database,Apache Http servers
Use: both windows and Linux

1.ADMIN module
2.ESS module(Employee self service )

Admin Module:
-----------
-> Listing employees/users, Adding employees,Configure leaves, time sheets, recruitment, performace of employees.

ESS module:
------------
-> Leaves,filling time sheets, my info, performace tracking.

 
 STLC:
 1.Understanding requirements
 2.Test scenarios(what are the areas to be tested)
 3.Test planning
 4.Test cases(how to test scenarios - steps)
 5.Test execution
 6.Identifying defects and reporting
 7.Closure
 
Understanding requirements:
In agile we have user stories.
Functional Requirement Specification:

Test scenarios : Serial No | Requirement ID | Scenario
scenarioss: ESS user login, ESS user can view personal details, etc etc
 
Test Plan : documents which contains scope, risks, entry and exit criteria  etc
 
Test cases :How to test, step by step breakdown with more details.
-> for every scenarios we need to create test cases:
   1.Verify or check .......(Test case title)
   2.Steps : 1.Launch browser
             2.Open URL
			 3.Provide valid ESS username
			 4.Provid valid ESS Password
			 5.Click on Log in.
			 
   3.Test data, 
   4.Expected results.		
   
Test execution : 
1.Test cases review & approved
2.Build from Dev team(Integrated package)
3.Deploy the build on QA environment.
4.Release note along with build.
   - what is the new functionality implemented.
   - What are the fixes available in tnis build.
   - Installation/Deployment steps.
   
Test Phases:
Initial stage - 
  1.smoke and sanity testing.
  -> Test build installation process (S1(high Severity )critical / Showstopper / Blocker ) smoke testing.
  -> Sanity test : Main functions is working or not(TAT, BVT(builder verification test),Shakedown test)
		 
  2. Functional Testing : Multiple Cycles 
	- Progression Testing : 
	- Regression Testing : Performed on new bugs on dependent functionalities.
	- Re-Testing Testing : Performed on new bugs.
	
	Create BUG REPORT.
	
 sign-off : All test cases executed and passed, All bugs are closed,There is no P0,P1,P2 bugs.
 Management team conducts a review meeting along with the team.
 
 Handover the final build/certificate build to the UAT team.
